/*
	  Name: 	Ashish Kumar
Student ID: 	G04065243
	Course: 	CS260 - Data Structures - CRN 42168
Assignment: 	Project 2
*/


EFFICIENCY WRITEUP

Q: How well did the data structure selected perform for the assigned application?
Would a different data structure work better? If so, which one and why...?

The data structure that I had thought about implementing earlier were not what
was specified in the problem statement.  I had initially thought of implementing
a queue with a linear linked list, however, the problem statement explicitly
specified to use a circular linked list.  I later did end up changing the queue
modeling to a circular linked list however, in my opinion, the program would have
been much simpler to implement with a linear linked list.  Otherwise, the data
structures I have used in the program are quite efficient ways to manage both
the queue and the stack.



Q: What was efficient about your design and use of data structure?

1. Using a linked list as a way to manage queue is very efficient because then
   we do not have the worry about growing or shrinking the size of the queue.
   All that is done quite efficiently by design.

2. Using two separate ADT one to store customer group data for queue and another
   one to store customer info data on to the stack, worked quite well as well.
   This way of using two separate ADTs to store data for queue and stack is quite
   efficient as well since we are only using the memory that we actually need.



Q: What was not efficient?

The inefficient part is that there is a lot of memory usage for storing a single
data point as we have to store the pointer to the next data point to maintain the
queue.  Also it is difficult to access data randomly as the data in the linked
list does not occupy an array in the memory.



Q: What would you do differently if you had more time to solve the problem?

I would have implemented methods and functions to handle bad user input.  I would
have also spent time throwing more meaningful error messages to the user in case
of bad input.
